Disable pod security policy by default (#104)
hivemq/helm-charts: charts/hivemq-operator/CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: I would not introduce so many formatting changes in this PR.

Author: Is better not to make a release for formatting changes

# chart 0.11.21

> - Disable pod security policy by default as is deprecated for K8s > v1.24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable pod security policy by default because it is deprecated starting with K8s = v1.25
```
